FAQ.

Q. How do I create new Iterations or Sprints?
A. Add/Edit Iterations by selecting 'Iterations (& History)' from the <Project> menu.

Q. How do I edit Project details?
A. Log in as a 'Project Admin' or  Global Admin
   Select the Project you wish to edit
   Select 'Project Edit' from the <Project> menu

Q. How can I have multiple teams working off a single product Backlog?
A. Create multiple interations or Sprints, one for each team, with the same dates against the project. 
   That way they can share the backlog without tripping over each other.

Q. Why don't the 'Iteration' reports work?
A. These reports run against the current iteration. Select an Iteration or the Backlog, and then select the report. 

Q. I can't move a story in or out of an specific iteration. Why?
A. The iteration has been locked.

Q. I don't want to clutter my backlog with stories that may never be worked on.
A. Multiple backlogs for a single project are a very bad idea. Create a temporary project to work in and export/import stories aas you need
A. Create an iteration with no dates and work in there. Stories in here will count towards towards the project size. 

Q. How do I set a size for an Epic Feature?
A. An epic sums the size of its children. Add a stub child story with the appropriate size. 

Q. How do I view Project progress?
A. View the project summary page, The Backlog, or use the project progress report.

Q. Why is the 'Project Summary' graph not the same as the Backlog graph?
A. The Backlog excludes stories that appear in an Iteration. Use the backlog graph as a Burndown Chart. 
   The 'Project Summary' is as close to a cumulative flow diagram as you are going to get and includes all stories in a project. 

Q. How do I view epic progress?
A. Select the Project/Epic Tree from the header or any story list view. the status for all stories in each epic is presented to you.

Q. How do I create an Epic or convert a story to an Epic?
   You don't convert a Story into an Epic. Giving a Story a Child/Children makes it an Epic. 
   Remember that  the prospective parent must be in 'Todo' Status (No work against it) and must be in the 'Backlog' (No work Scheduled)
A. View the project/Iteration backlog using the 'Epic tree' and drag the child under the appropriate parent.
A. When editing a story, select the parent from the list of existing parents in project from the dropdown
A. When editing a story, type the Parent story number in the 'manual' parent edit box.

Q. I can’t make a story a child using the Epic tree.
A. You will find that the parent you are trying to use is already in an iteration (ie work scheduled) or not in a Todo Status. 
   Remember, work can only be performed at the lowest level. 

Q. I can't reorder stories in the Epic tree view. Why?
A. You are probably viewing the Release Tree, this does not allow ordering/ranking. Use either the Project Tree (Top left) 
   or Iteration/Backlog (Iteration Dropdown) Tree.

Q. What are the borders around stories for?
A. Blocked work is highlighted with a RED border and in the Iteration Epic/tree view, 
   work in the current Iteration has a BLUE Border. 

Q. I can't move work in or out of an specific release. Why?
A. The release has been locked. or
A. Add at least 1 story into the release using the 'Story edit' form.

Q. I can't see releases, why not?
A. you need to be at least a project admin to view releases. 

Q. How do I delete a project?
A. View the list of projects from the <Your Name> <My Projects> Menu and delete from there.

Q. Why can't I delete a comment?
A. You can only delete comments you have added and then only if there is no reply.

Q. Why can't I delete a story?
A. You only have read-only access to that project.
A. The story is in an iteration that has been locked.

Q. How do I move a story from one project to another?
A. At the moment, you have to  open each project in a different browser tab and copy and paste between them.
A. If you have a large number of stories, it is faster to Export them from the old and import into the new project. 
   Remember to clear the story # before you import them and also delete them from the original project.

Q. How can I delete a large number of stories from a project?
A. Export the stories you want to delete, change the iteration to "** Delete **" without the Quotes, and re-import them.

Q. Why am I directed to the login page when trying to edit a story?
A. The user you are logged in as does not have access rights to the project containing that story.

Q. I can’t get past the login page or I receive an error message 
A. You account may be disabled.
A. You may be trying to use a shortcut to a project, iteration or story that does not exist anymore, 
   check the URL you are using and change it to login.php.
A. Get your administrator to check your username and password or change your password.

Q. Only some records are being imported, what is wrong?
A. Only Import file records that do NOT contain a story ID are IMPORTED! Those with a record ID are UPDATED. You probably have records in your import file that contain story ID's but there is no corresponding story # in  the project.

Q. I can’t import anything, what is wrong?
Q. I Can't attach files to a card, what is wrong?
A. Check your php.ini and make sure that file uploads are allowed and that the upload tmp directory exists, is available and writable, 
   or use the full install that includes the following settings in php.ini.
	file_uploads = On
	upload_tmp_dir = /usr/local/mysql/tmp
	upload_max_filesize = 2M

Q. When importing a csv file exported from a report I receive an error along the lines of  "Excel has detected that the 'MyOutput.csv' is a SYLK file, .....”
A. This is a known issue with Excel, If the first column heading / value of the CSV file begins with uppercase ID, 
   Excel will interpret the file as being in the SYLK format rather than CSV, as described here: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/323626. 
   Change the first column name to rectify this.